feat(na): clarify when to use docker vs k8s, rename docker page (#1873)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/hosting/costs.md

Medic hosts a number of production CHT instances in Amazon [Elastic Kubernetes Service](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/) (EKS). By using [OpenCost](https://www.opencost.io/), Medic can closely monitor real world costs with actual end users. OpenCost was used to separate one deployment's CPU, RAM and disk use from another's despite them all running in a multi-tenant EKS cluster.

> By looking at dozens of instances and focusing on the highest usage ones, hosting partners can know our numbers are applicable.  

Reviewer: nitpick: I am unsure what this sentence means, to be honest. 😅 Is there a way to use simpler language, like: The numbers below are backed by the existing CHT deployments.

Author: you and Diana were both confused by this - let's yank it! surrounding text is clarifying enough.  see 6550fd90

> By looking at dozens of instances and focusing on the highest usage ones, an accurate representation can by a self hosting partner to plan their own hosting.  

Reviewer 2: > an accurate representation can by a self hosting partner to plan their own hosting.

I'm not sure what you meant to say here.

Author: yikes!  fixed in c06d8c2a

When analyzing the hosting total cost of ownership (TCO), only production instances were looked at.

> It should be noted that a [development environment](/hosting/4.x/app-developer)  can be no cost (or very low cost).  Assuming a developer already has a laptop, this is all that is needed to host a development instance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> A [development environment](/hosting/4.x/app-developer)  can be no cost (or very low cost).  Assuming a developer already has a laptop, this is all that is needed to host a development instance. 
```

## Small deployment example costs

In order to get a better idea of fixed monthly costs, let's look at the smallest Kubernetes deployment per the [requirements docs](/hosting/requirements}).  These estimates use Amazon's [EC2 pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/on-demand/) and [EBS pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/ebs/pricing/) in Paris (`eu-west2`) availability zone.  Note that different [types of EC2 pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/compare/the-difference-between-on-demand-instances-and-reserved-instances/) may have different costs along with other cloud providers which will have different costs as well.

> For more examples of deployments, but without costs, see [Kubernetes vs Docker](/hosting/kubernetes-vs-docker/#example-deployments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout >}}
For more examples of deployments, but without costs, see [Kubernetes vs Docker](/hosting/kubernetes-vs-docker/#example-deployments).
{{< /callout >}}
```
